Re-write of the MDCB docs (#2093)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/mdcb-example-minimising-latency.md

---
date: 2023-01-10
title: Minimizing Latency
menu:
    main:
        parent: "Tyk Multi Data Centre Bridge"
weight: 1
tags: ["MDCB", "latency"]
description: "How to minimize latency in worker datacenters."
---

## Overview
As described previously, Acme Global Bank has operations and customers in both the EU and USA.

To decrease the latency in response from their systems and to ensure that data remains in the same legal jurisdiction as the customers (data residency), they have deployed backend (or, from the perspective of the API gateway, “upstream”) services in two data centres: one in the US, the other in the EU.

> Without MDCB, Acme Global Bank would deploy a Tyk Gateway cluster in each data centre and then have the operational inconvenience of maintaining two separate instances of Tyk Dashboard to configure, secure and publish the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without a dedicated solution for this multi-regions use case, Acme Global Bank would deploy a Tyk Gateway cluster in each data centre and then have the operational inconvenience of maintaining two separate instances of Tyk Dashboard to configure, secure and publish the APIs.
```

> By deploying an MDCB Controller, however, they are able to centralise the management of their API Gateways and gain resilience against failure of different elements of the deployment - worker gateways or control plane - improving availability of their public APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using Tyk's Multi-Data Centre Bridge (MDCB), however, they are able to centralise the management of their API Gateways and gain resilience against failure of different elements of the deployment - worker gateways or control plane - improving the availability of their public APIs.
```

Author: Makes sense.
